readme.md, before:

# The Voxel Handbook

This manual is a very early first draft of a User Manual for the Voxel Theater. It will eventually be translated into a PDF document with proper formatting and fonts.

This document is intended to be edited easily, refined collaboratively, and iterated upon quickly. We expect it to take time and many revisions.

The overall goal of this user manual is to write thorough and friendly documentation for the building. Similarly to writing documentation for a product like QLab, the documentation for the building should allow both beginners and experts to educate themselves about the space at the level of detail they need.

### Handbook

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Please and Thank You](#please-and-thank-you)
- [Access](#access)
  ([Security](#security), [Accessibility](#accessibility), [Parking](#parking))
- [Heating and Cooling](#heating-and-cooling)
- [Internet](#internet)

### Notes

- [Tech Notes](tech/readme.md) (how to use our equipment)
- [Space Notes](space/readme.md) (how to use our spaces)

## Introduction

Welcome to The Voxel! The goal of this user manual is to provide friendly and thorough documentation for the building. This document starts with a high-level overview of the space, and then dives into many details, including troubleshooting guides and examples of how you might configure and set up the space in different scenarios.

If you have questions this manual does not answer, please email td@voxel.org for help!


### Overview

The Voxel is a privately owned, 8,000 square foot blackbox theater in the heart of Baltimore city.

By day, The Voxel is the teaching center and research laboratory of Figure 53, a small but mighty Baltimore-based company whose software runs live performances in over 100 countries around the world.

By night, The Voxel is a theater, incubator, and resource for performing artists in Baltimore and across the country.


### History

The theater was built in 1946 and was a popular destination for moviegoers through the late 1980s. It fell into disrepair and went through numerous owners until we purchased it in 2015. We performed a ground-up renovation and reopened the theater in 2020 as a blackbox theater designed for live performance.


### Staff

- Kevin Sweetser, Technical Director - <kevin@voxel.org>
- Alec Sparks, Assistant Technical Director - <alec@voxel.org>
- Christopher Ashworth, Owner - <chris@voxel.org>


## Please And Thank You

- Please do not drive the scissor lift on the ramp. The ramp is not rated to hold the lift!
- Please do not drink and operate machinery or equipment.
- Please do not tape, nail, screw, or otherwise attach anything to any wall without consulting with Voxel staff first.
- Please do not paint any concrete floor.
- Please clean up all food waste throughout the theater.
- Please use street parking or within the painted parking lot behind 2443 Maryland.
- Please park the scissor lift where it can be retrieved. Please do not store material on the lift or in such a way as to block it in.
- Please supply a contact list and rehearsal schedule to Voxel staff as soon as possible as you begin production.


## Safety

#### Building Capacity
The Voxel has a strict maximum occupancy of 300 people, including performers and crew. Most projects at The Voxel are well under this limit.

#### Fire Exits
The Voxel has four emergency exits- the front doors, two backstage, and one in the Green Room. If stage curtains block visibility to exit signs, we will provide additional signs.

#### Fire Alarm
The fire alarm system is activated by heat sensors in our ventillation system, in addition to pull stations throughout the building. We do not have "smoke detectors" that can be triggered by smoke/haze. If the alarm is activated, emergency lighting will turn on throughout the building.


## Access

### Security

The Voxel is equipped with an RFID tag security and entry system. Guests have access to the venue by way of a designated key fob and pin code. Generally speaking, and subject to the terms of our official agreement with guest artists, you may access the venue at any time of the day or night during your time here. You are responsible for disarming the security system upon arrival, securing the building while occupied, and arming and securing the building upon exit. Securing the building includes ensuring all doors or access points are fully closed and all door locks or latches are engaged.

> If you forget your fob or pin code, Voxel staff can remotely open the venue for you. There is a $10 per fob replacement fee in the event a fob is lost or not returned.


### Accessibility

The Voxel is ADA compliant, offering a ramp to the lower stage level. You can access all public areas of the theater without using stairs. We also offer accessible bathrooms, including a private single-stall family restroom with a changing station.

The private mezzanine level is not accessible except by stairs.


### Parking

The Voxel does not have a dedicated parking lot, but there is ample street parking near the theater. Street parking is FREE during [days and times].

`[map of street parking]`

There is LIMITED parking for approximately 4 vehicles directly behind 2443 Maryland Avenue, which is the building directly across from the theater’s stage door. PLEASE DO NOT PARK behind any other building on Maryland Avenue; all other parking areas along the alley are reserved for the people who rent and own those row houses. Please be a good neighbor while you are here, and respect other people’s space.

`[photo of parking lot]`


## Heating and Cooling

Our Facilities Manager can schedule the HVAC system to turn on before you arrive, so please share your schedule with us as soon as possible!


## Internet

### WiFi Connection
>WiFi Name `The Voxel`<br>Password `HelloBaltimore`

The Voxel internet connection is available via wireless and wired access. We have hardwired ethernet ports throughout the building (including at grid level), which each run to a central patch bay. Every ethernet port can therefore be easily routed to one of 2 distinct networks: `Internet` and `Theatre`. The Theatre network is set up to manage Dante, Art-Net, and show control traffic.

The internet connection speed for the Voxel is 300Mbps Download and 30Mbps Upload. These speeds are as advertised by Comcast ISP and actual speeds may vary. For reference, YouTube and other streaming services recommend upload speeds of 6 Mbps for streaming HD 1080p video at 30 fps.


## Getting Help

Finally, if you still have questions, please email <td@voxel.org> for help!

Commit message:

added note about First Aid

readme.md, after:

# The Voxel Handbook

This manual is a very early first draft of a User Manual for the Voxel Theater. It will eventually be translated into a PDF document with proper formatting and fonts.

This document is intended to be edited easily, refined collaboratively, and iterated upon quickly. We expect it to take time and many revisions.

The overall goal of this user manual is to write thorough and friendly documentation for the building. Similarly to writing documentation for a product like QLab, the documentation for the building should allow both beginners and experts to educate themselves about the space at the level of detail they need.

### Handbook

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Please and Thank You](#please-and-thank-you)
- [Access](#access)
  ([Security](#security), [Accessibility](#accessibility), [Parking](#parking))
- [Heating and Cooling](#heating-and-cooling)
- [Internet](#internet)

### Notes

- [Tech Notes](tech/readme.md) (how to use our equipment)
- [Space Notes](space/readme.md) (how to use our spaces)

## Introduction

Welcome to The Voxel! The goal of this user manual is to provide friendly and thorough documentation for the building. This document starts with a high-level overview of the space, and then dives into many details, including troubleshooting guides and examples of how you might configure and set up the space in different scenarios.

If you have questions this manual does not answer, please email td@voxel.org for help!


### Overview

The Voxel is a privately owned, 8,000 square foot blackbox theater in the heart of Baltimore city.

By day, The Voxel is the teaching center and research laboratory of Figure 53, a small but mighty Baltimore-based company whose software runs live performances in over 100 countries around the world.

By night, The Voxel is a theater, incubator, and resource for performing artists in Baltimore and across the country.


### History

The theater was built in 1946 and was a popular destination for moviegoers through the late 1980s. It fell into disrepair and went through numerous owners until we purchased it in 2015. We performed a ground-up renovation and reopened the theater in 2020 as a blackbox theater designed for live performance.


### Staff

- Kevin Sweetser, Technical Director - <kevin@voxel.org>
- Alec Sparks, Assistant Technical Director - <alec@voxel.org>
- Christopher Ashworth, Owner - <chris@voxel.org>


## Please And Thank You

- Please do not drive the scissor lift on the ramp. The ramp is not rated to hold the lift!
- Please do not drink and operate machinery or equipment.
- Please do not tape, nail, screw, or otherwise attach anything to any wall without consulting with Voxel staff first.
- Please do not paint any concrete floor.
- Please clean up all food waste throughout the theater.
- Please use street parking or within the painted parking lot behind 2443 Maryland.
- Please park the scissor lift where it can be retrieved. Please do not store material on the lift or in such a way as to block it in.
- Please supply a contact list and rehearsal schedule to Voxel staff as soon as possible as you begin production.


## Safety

#### Building Capacity
The Voxel has a strict maximum occupancy of 300 people, including performers and crew. Most projects at The Voxel are well under this limit.

#### Fire Exits
The Voxel has four emergency exits- the front doors, two backstage, and one in the Green Room. If stage curtains block visibility to exit signs, we will provide additional signs.

#### Fire Alarm
The fire alarm system is activated by heat sensors in our ventillation system, in addition to pull stations throughout the building. We do not have "smoke detectors" that can be triggered by smoke/haze. If the alarm is activated, emergency lighting will turn on throughout the building.

#### First Aid
A large first aid kit is stored in the Green Room microwave cabinet. If you use something from it, please let out Facilities Manager know so they can re-stock.


## Access

### Security

The Voxel is equipped with an RFID tag security and entry system. Guests have access to the venue by way of a designated key fob and pin code. Generally speaking, and subject to the terms of our official agreement with guest artists, you may access the venue at any time of the day or night during your time here. You are responsible for disarming the security system upon arrival, securing the building while occupied, and arming and securing the building upon exit. Securing the building includes ensuring all doors or access points are fully closed and all door locks or latches are engaged.

> If you forget your fob or pin code, Voxel staff can remotely open the venue for you. There is a $10 per fob replacement fee in the event a fob is lost or not returned.


### Accessibility

The Voxel is ADA compliant, offering a ramp to the lower stage level. You can access all public areas of the theater without using stairs. We also offer accessible bathrooms, including a private single-stall family restroom with a changing station.

The private mezzanine level is not accessible except by stairs.


### Parking

The Voxel does not have a dedicated parking lot, but there is ample street parking near the theater. Street parking is FREE during [days and times].

`[map of street parking]`

There is LIMITED parking for approximately 4 vehicles directly behind 2443 Maryland Avenue, which is the building directly across from the theater’s stage door. PLEASE DO NOT PARK behind any other building on Maryland Avenue; all other parking areas along the alley are reserved for the people who rent and own those row houses. Please be a good neighbor while you are here, and respect other people’s space.

`[photo of parking lot]`


## Heating and Cooling

Our Facilities Manager can schedule the HVAC system to turn on before you arrive, so please share your schedule with us as soon as possible!


## Internet

### WiFi Connection
>WiFi Name `The Voxel`<br>Password `HelloBaltimore`

The Voxel internet connection is available via wireless and wired access. We have hardwired ethernet ports throughout the building (including at grid level), which each run to a central patch bay. Every ethernet port can therefore be easily routed to one of 2 distinct networks: `Internet` and `Theatre`. The Theatre network is set up to manage Dante, Art-Net, and show control traffic.

The internet connection speed for the Voxel is 300Mbps Download and 30Mbps Upload. These speeds are as advertised by Comcast ISP and actual speeds may vary. For reference, YouTube and other streaming services recommend upload speeds of 6 Mbps for streaming HD 1080p video at 30 fps.


## Getting Help

Finally, if you still have questions, please email <td@voxel.org> for help!
